New chapters (#312)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/features/single-submit.md

---
id: single-submit

> title: Single submit

Reviewer: "Single submit" seems misleading, how about something like "Dynamic/ Reactive form"

---

> Single submit is a feature that allows you to submit a form when user makes any change on the form. This is useful for forms that require users to perform calculations, such as a mortgage calculator or a loan calculator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single submit is a feature that allows dynamic processing of a form when user makes any change on the form. This is useful for forms that require users to perform calculations, such as a mortgage calculator or a loan calculator.
```

![Single submit](/img/forms/single-submit.webp)

> You can turn on single in the settings of the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can turn on single submit in the settings of the form.
```

> Single submit is a feature that allows you to submit a form when user makes any change on the form. This is useful for forms that require users to perform calculations, such as a mortgage calculator or a loan calculator.
> 
> ![Single submit](/img/forms/single-submit.webp)
> 
> You can turn on single in the settings of the form.
> 
> Single submit form can work with and without a submit button, but in general it is recommended not to use a submit button with single submit forms.
> 
> Not all form field are supported by single submit. The following fields are supported:
> * Input range
> * Checkbox
> * Radio
> * Rating
> * Select
> 
> If you add any of the non-supported fields to a single submit form, the form will not submit when the user makes a change to the non-supported field.
> 
> :::caution
> This feature may create a large number of request to your server. Use with caution!
> :::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Single submit allows continuous form submissions after the form data is added or changed, without the need to click a _Submit_ button.

![Single submit](/img/forms/single-submit.webp)

A good use case for this option are Calcualtor forms.

:::note
Even though it is supported, it is **not** recommended to have _Submit_ buttons within single submit forms.
:::

Also, not all fields are supported by single submit. The following fields are supported:
* Input range
* Checkbox
* Radio
* Rating
* Select

:::caution
If a non-supported field is added to a form with Single submit enabled, the feature will be disabled and the forms will not be auto-submitted on user input.
:::

:::caution
This feature can cause a large number of requests to be sent to the server. Use with caution!
:::
```

Also, consider renaming this to something like "Auto-submit", as _Single submit_ sounds like you can only submit it once 😄
